Intermediate HTML and CSS -Multiple lessons: Style guide and GDPR updates (#27649)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: intermediate_html_css/intermediate_css_concepts/more_text_styles.md

The point of this somewhat ridiculous string of font-families is to try using the default font of the system's user interface. It will go through each of those fonts until it finds one that is installed on the system, and then use that. Using a stack like this often produces pleasing results, especially if you're going for a somewhat 'neutral' font style.

#### Web fonts

> If you want to use a font that will not be available on the user's device you will need to import the font from an online source, either a font library or an asset on your site. Either method will import that font and make it available for you to use in your CSS `font-family` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a font that will not be available on the user's device, you will need to import the font from an online source, either a font library or an asset on your site. Both methods will import the font and make it accessible in your CSS `font-family` property.
```

Keep in mind that it's important to add a fallback font.  If you're linking to an external API, you have no guarantee that the URL won't change, or that the external API won't go down at some point. Having a reasonable fallback means that if something goes wrong, at least your site won't look completely broken.

> There are performance issues with using imported files, which you will read more about in the assignments. Ultimately it is best to use a font stack instead of imported fonts if your design allows for it, however, there are times you will want to use an imported font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are performance issues with using imported files, which you will read more about in the assignments. Therefore, it is best to use a font stack instead of imported fonts whenever your design allows for it. However, there are times you will want to use an imported font.
```

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto&display=swap');
```

> An important consideration when using a font library is the library's privacy polices and any regulations you may need to comply with.  For example, using the Google Fonts API [violates the European GDPR](https://thehackernews.com/2022/01/german-court-rules-websites-embedding.html). If you are concerned about complying with such regulations you can download the font from the library and host it yourself...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important consideration when using a font library is the library's privacy policies and any regulations you may need to comply with. For example, using the Google Fonts API [violates the European GDPR](https://thehackernews.com/2022/01/german-court-rules-websites-embedding.html). If you are concerned about complying with such regulations, you can download the font from the library and host it yourself.
```

- [What are the 2 ways to add fonts that are not installed on a user's computer?](#web-fonts)
- [What is the 'system font stack' and why would you want to use it?](#the-system-font-stack)
- [Which property would you use to increase or decrease the space between letters in a word?](#letter-spacing)
- [Which property would you use to increase or decrease the space between lines in a paragraph?](#line-height)

### Additional resources

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

- [Modern CSS Techniques To Improve Legibility](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/07/css-techniques-legibility/) by [Edoardo Cavazza](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/author/edoardo-cavazza/) is a great article that covers some additional text styles and techniques that can be utilized to improve websites legibility.
- [Modern Font Stacks](https://modernfontstacks.com/) lists common font stacks and provides demonstrations of them.

> - There are many online font libraries, some of the most common are, [Font Library](https://fontlibrary.org/), [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/),[Font Bunny](https://fonts.bunny.net/) - A GDPR compliant drop-in replacment for Google Fonts, and [Adobe Fonts](https://fonts.adobe.com/) - A premium font library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are many online font libraries; some of the most common are: [Font Library](https://fontlibrary.org/), [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/), [Font Bunny](https://fonts.bunny.net/) - a GDPR compliant drop-in replacement for Google Fonts, and [Adobe Fonts](https://fonts.adobe.com/) - a premium font library.
```
